# pullstitch
Pulls .ts files from a CDN and stitches them together. Requires [ffmpeg](https://ffmpeg.org/download.html) to work; download the .exe and put it in the same folder as your script(s).

Just a silly little one-off that I knocked together in a couple hours to download the clue 3 video for the Legion22 ARG. Piplup this is all your fault /j

**To run:** Run `pullstitch.bat` to open a command window. Press enter without typing anything in the `Host CDN url` field if you just want to pull from cdn.legion22.world; otherwise enter the CDN url in that first prompt. Enter the code word you used to access the video in the `Common name` field, or another common filename portion if using a different CDN. Wait for the download and stitching processes to finish. Your output will appear in a folder for you to do as you see fit.

**Alternative:** If the download finishes and you only get part of the video then try `pullstitch_old.bat`. It has more reliability, but you'll have to know how many .ts files you'll want to get instead of letting the program determine automatically. Go into your browser's Inspect console, fast forward the video to the end, then see what the number for the last .ts file is (it's under the Network tab in Chrome and Firefox). It may benefit you to overshoot if the output video cuts off too soon; you'll just get a few extra unopenable files that ffmpeg will ignore.

Be aware that this was thrown together without much thought for edge cases. I might update it to be more flexible if Legion encodes an hour-long stream or something, but don't expect this to have any use other than the ARG. _Theoretically_ it can work on other sites, but it makes assumptions based off Legion's naming scheme and will almost definitely break trying to pull from others. If you need more than 999 files, this might break. If they're zero padded already, this _will_ break. At a certain point you should probably just fork this yourself and mod it; I have higher priorities at the moment than refactoring this.
